Gundam TK presents monkey dee Luffy
sailing again hey again everybody its
Robert 184 two hours two B's from
YouTube and Gundam DK where I usually do
reviews of Gundam plastic models of all
shapes and sizes but today because I'm
taking a look at the master great figure
Eyes monkey Dee Luffy which is a plastic
model that she actually put together I'm
also gonna be taking a look at the
portrait of Pirates of the monkey Dee
Luffy after the type skip because he's
sailing again this was first released in
December 2011 by Megahouse this is part
of their excellent model series and it
retails for 6000
from the incredibly popular manga one
piece and anime I'm really curious to
hear from one piece fans is portrait of
pirates your favorite series to collect
from or how about figure at zero or is
there something else or could then
master great figure eyes surprised us
all with its quality on the back of the
box you can see that there's a bunch of
different poses which is sort of cool
because the extra limbs that are
included means he's not just gonna be
stuck in one position and on the other
side there's a very cool one of him with
his famous straw hat when you open this
up you're going to see if you can get it
out of your damaged a box hopefully
yours are in better shape in mine only a
couple tire wraps stopping you from
taking this apart and when you take it
out and have the limbs fall out the
extras that you're gonna get is a head
with some flat hair there so you can put
on the Hat and extra face and then these
various parts of the limbs that are
gonna fit in left and right you'll get a
shiny red stop sign of a base here with
PLP sailing again and monkey dee Luffy
mugiwara pirates and no Japanese on it
but most importantly you'll be getting
monkey D Luffy Duke getting ready to do
what he does best which is beat down
anybody who is going to get in the way
of him and his friends and this guy is
looking pretty sharp in terms of statue
figures the upper body has some nice
details the hair is looking good it's
got parts all over that are looking
quite differentiated the jacket looks
good as well as
open in the front you can see his yellow
new trademark sash as it comes around
and the scar on his chest is looking
proper and the hands actually fit in
there quite nicely and one cool part
about this is that he's not frozen as
you'd think because the head is actually
on a ball drilling so you can get the
head to move around that much
although the arms the way they are here
are not going to move at all the lower
body is going to have two colors
therefore the sandals so the brown
straps are looking good and the jean
shorts you can see that the light is
going to reflect off that differently as
it rotates around and the best part
being is that these parts here at the
bottom are not all white like they are
with the Master Grade in fact they're
blue and white and overall all of the
color apps on here look really positive
for the face I think it looks ok with
the eyebrows and the scar everything's
depicted the way it should be but it
just comes across as looking a little
bit more plasticy than some of the other
figures I've seen in the peop lines if
you want to trade off the heads there
you're going to have head and hair a and
B there which is a set to be is going to
go with a cap and because you have three
different faces and any of those can
work with either of those you're going
to have six different combinations which
is pretty good the head is looking
pretty good with some good details and
there including some shading and in
addition to being able to move the head
around you can also move the hat around
on the head although it is going to sit
in one position most naturally but if
you're not a fan of that angle you can
always just reposition it though it may
not sit as nicely one thing you may not
be such a fan though is that the angle
that he's standing at if you look at him
straight on from the side he just looks
to be leaning back a little bit which
doesn't seem to be too big of an issue
from the front but then again it could
have been posed in just a little bit
cooler style if you separate all the
limbs you here's what you're going to
get and you'll see that there's a lot
more for his right arm there when you go
to swap out the arms they've got a
different shoulder mount here for the
left and right arms so you can't make
any mistakes his arms raised in victory
pose is looking pretty good especially
if you've got the right a triumphant
face on there as does his rejection of a
vegetarian way of life
this right arm is custom made for
holding the Hat on the back of his head
and you can still use his full set of
hair here you don't have to use the
smooth one for this pose something I'm a
little disappointed in though is just
that his right arm despite the fact that
it's got more limb options they're all
going to be going up or across so you
can see that this one is going to fit in
here to put the Hat on the back this one
is going to come across for the punch
across the chest and this one is going
to go up in the air to cheer but you're
not going to have any if you wanted to
put the cap down on his side as we've
seen with so many other figures and if
you want to put on the angry face you
can't really have him getting ready to
punch with his right arm but you can't
have him at least getting ready to
strike somebody down so now for a list
of some of the good and bad things that
I've come up with this kit so far first
of all the colors I think he looks great
especially in the jeans and the hat
there's tons of color details in there
to go along with the sandals which are
going to make the colors pop and that's
important when you've got six different
head combos between the hair and the
three faces everything like that those
are all positives you can get lots of
different expressions out of him which
is the way it should be and it comes
with a solid base which isn't that
exciting but it's sort of cool that it's
got it it's the traditional DOP it's the
right shape and it's got all the writing
that you'd expect on there in addition
you're going to be getting lots of arm
combos maybe not as many as you'd like
but still having them is a big plus so
there are lots of positives to counter
out some of the negatives and one of the
ones that I threw out there is they're
gonna give you a bunch of different
faces but what about giving you a stupid
face or a shocked face or a ridiculous
face Luffy that's what he's known for
and that would be cool to have a stupid
one even if you're not going to use it
it would just add a lot of fun speaking
of the face I think he's got a slightly
plastic look there to most of them being
a plastic figure that's to be expected
but it just seems to be not so much of
an issue with some of the other figures
so maybe this one so they could have
done something a little bit different I
am a little bit disappointed that they
don't have a downward right arm because
having his cap on is hip as I mentioned
is something we've seen Luffy do a
million times and it's done on other
figures and done quite well and even
though most of the color wraps are good
I would have said that we could see some
better work there with the
our could stand out a little bit more
the sash has no detailing whatsoever if
you want to go in there and ink it up
I'm sure you could but for somebody like
me who just takes it out of the package
it just leaves a little bit to be
desired and finally when he's standing
there is he leaning back I wonder if
that's too much from the front it looks
good and that's the way you're gonna be
seeing it but from some angles it just
looks a little bit strange so my final
verdict though is going to be a positive
because in the end does it capture the
power of the anime and the manga and I'm
going to say yes it does it's not a
stationary toy I was already complaining
that they don't give you enough options
with all the ones that they give you
when they give you some instead of just
the one you're always going to want more
but the fact that they you have more
than one is a big plus compared to some
old ones however for the future you know
Luffy is gonna get made a million more
times and I can't wait to see what's
happening in the new world but I'd
really like to hear from you people that
have bought a lot of peop stuff in the
past how does this compare to other
one-piece toys and figures love to hear
from you with a comment down below it
would be greatly appreciated and if
you're interested in Gundam reviews and
all sorts of stuff like that don't
forget to check out my channel Gundam TK
and here on YouTube anyway everybody
Robert 184 Gundam not TK see you next
time thanks for checking this out
bye for this seem to be possible you
just have to pretend that Luffy God
hypnotized